Problem Statement :

1. Use python libraries logging,csv (or) openpyxl,phonenumbers,numpy,pandas,datetime,sys

2. So we have FieldAgent files for NewYork Life Insurances.

3. Basically you need to sort the files in descending order of dates and obtain the greatest dated file which is in the filenaming convention 20210219 here in the collection provided.

4. Now before reading the file capture the name of the file in NYL.lst file so the filename is stored there for future reference.

5. Check the file line count and measure that the file line count of the latest file and the file line count of one level less decrement date file has a variance of 500 lines.

6. If the line count difference is more than 500 lines reject the processing of the file with exception message else process the latest file.

7. File if processed once should be stored in the refernece file : NYL.lst .If incase we are reprocessing the same file once again should throw an exception , saying already processed.

8. Now comes the file processing effort.

i) Replace the headers in the file c1 with c2 and c3 with c4 , just incase the file header is inconsistent:

      c1='Agent Writing Contract Start Date (Carrier appointment start date)'
      c2='Agent Writing Contract Start Date'
      c3='Agent Writing Contract Status (actually active and cancelled\'s should come in two different files)'
      c4='Agent Writing Contract Status'

ii) The phonenumbers in the file should be US valid phone numbers incase they not Valid capture in the log file.

iii) Check if the State is a Valid US State

iv) Check is the Agent email is a valid email id

9. Create a data frame of the headers as index and data as rows. Display the data frame.

10. Create another dataframe with which groups all the agents by Agency State. Display in the data frame. (optional, pandas related visualization and histograms)

11. Create a dataframe which gives the Agent Name, Agent Writing ContractStart Date, Date when an agent became A2O.

12. Create a data visualization with the dataframe using 9,10,,11 use pandas built-in plot function for histogram.

13. Send an email of the logger file as attachment to yourself once the file is processed.
